my day
hi this is a divorce my first youtube
video but I can do a coral trick with
any 3x3 Rubik's Cube luck I okay
what the trick is is that I'll have
these surrounding stickers be different
from the inside stickers and all happen
on all these faces okay to start you
pick any color you want
I'll choose grains okay so you move your
left side down your right side down the
top layer to the left and the bottom
layer to the left and move your cube to
the right and move the left layer up and
the right layer up that's all I mean
that'll make the pattern on the side but
you need to move the cube down and
simply move the middle layers here left
and it will happen on all these sides
nope now to solve it yet I'll find the
three sides that have matching cubes and
this kind of hadn't work this metal cube
matches with this outer side up and this
in turn cube matches up with this outer
side and the same thing with this and oh
okay so the side we'll be working with
is the bottom one
we'll make it like that so that the
other sides on the top and the right
okay you move your left layer down you
right layer down and move the middle go
now you move your left side up your
right side up and then this side is soft
now you move your cube down and one more
time and it's soft
now please leave nice comments and any
questions and or anything and I'll make
sure to have
or videos look for okay